<h1><span style='color:#d6ff5d;'>
🅾🅵🅵🅴🅽🆂🅸🆅🅴 🅽🆄🅼🅱🅴🆁🆂
</span></h1>

This book is dedicated to my former self and for anyone else who seems to be drowning in streams of information without precedence.

I daydream a lot and the question that always pops into my mind is what if? That very same question led me write this book. There are two sides to a story, but what if? A third. A self help book told from the perspective of an alien living among humans…

Kaizen Oasis

Preface

0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9

Those characters above this line are called numbers! Numbers are a universal language just like sounds. These numbers can be translated and rewritten into different languages, but they all have the same laws. Numbers are so important that its nearly impossible to live without them. Everyone sleeps a certain amount of hours and that number is crucial. More sleep means more productive, energetic and better recall. Lack of sleep usually means less energy, mildly productive, disturbed memory and for the lack of better word can lead to death. We use the number system known as time to plan and go about life. Time is one of most powerful number systems because it usually dictates the outcome of ones life. If you choose to spend your time drinking, smoking, partying, binge watching television, excessively shopping, working for someone and eating lots of food, the outcome is yours to guess. If you spend your time reading, creating value for others, exercising, meditating and working from home the outcome is yours to guess. Your brain is functions just like a computer in that you need numbers to organize it and make it work. What you put into your brain is what you get (1+). If you put nothing into your brain you get nothing (0-) . This book utilizes numbers as stated in the title and they are written out in alphanumerical format. The numbers will displayed in the order 1,2,3 and not one, two, three. I believe you are ready to encounter some numbers…

Part One

Welcome To Planet Earth

If you are reading this, you are probably interested in what planet Earth has to offer. Earth is 1 out 8 planets located in the Milky Way Galaxy; The milky way galaxy is just 1 out 100 galaxies in the cosmos. The best way to travel to Earth is by spaceship or any spacecraft that can exceed 24,901 miles (40, 075 kilometres). With today’s modern spacecraft it should be easy because they are packed with premium build quality materials, intermediate interface controls,air tight ventilation,a headphone jack and wide surfaced solar panels for energy utilization. Logically speaking it would take 365 human hours to reach our destination and approximately 1 minute to reach the surface. Would you look at that? The Earth is round, who knew? Its absolutely unbelievable, but the space travel brochures indicate a flat map. Before we descend to rock bottom, our spacecraft has to pass through 5 dissimilar layers in the atmosphere. The layers of the atmosphere are Exosphere, Thermosphere, Mesosphere, Stratosphere and Troposphere. My alien body feels light and my senses are heightened. This planet has something called Oxygen that enables us to breathe without the use of technology. I believe what i am stepping on is what the inhabitants of this planet call soil. According to my space travel guide, there are 5 types of soil namely sand, clay, silt, pear and saline. Each types of soil has a different texture and can be used for a variety of purposes. According to my intergalactic global positioning system we are on the coordinates 52.1307° N, 3.7837° W which translate to Wales, England, United Kingdom. We are on the type of soil known as sand and surrounded by this odorless, tasteless substance that the inhabitants of this planet call Water. According to my space travel guide, these so called waters are classified into systems small and big(hydrosphere). The big systems are known as Ocean and Sea, whilst the small systems are classified as lake, river, pond and vast plethora of other names. There are 7 major systems or bodies of water that go by the names Atlantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean, Indian Ocean, Arctic Ocean, Mediterranean Sea, Arabian Sea and Bay of Bengal. The best to explore this waters even further is to dive in, but lucky enough we have alien technology that can do just that. The technology will be able to reach the bottom of these waters while classifying each of the 5 layers. The layers of this waters are namely sunlight (epipelagic), twilight mesopelagic), dark (bathypelagic), abyss (abyssopelagic) and trench (hedalpelagic). My curiosity is still heightened with this substance known as soil that i feel the need to unravel and explore it further. This substance known as soil also referred to as Earth keeps the structure of this planet and can be dissected into 4 layers. The layers of this so called Earth are crust, mantle, outer core and inner core. Everything about this planet is fascinating, but i must keep exploring to fully comprehend it before i can construct a detailed report for my fellow aliens on planet X. I am currently on this large body of cumulative land known as a continent. The inhabitants of this planet have classified them into 7 continents that go by the names Africa, Europe, Asia, South America,North America, Antarctica and Oceania (Australia). Each of these continents has a number of lands within separated by physical and imaginary borders that are classified into distinctions known as country/ countries. There 195 countries on Earth in total and some of them are scattered across the water known as islands. According to my space travel guide, there are 4 living beings on this planet that are divided into plants, animals, supernatural and artificial. Vegetation (trees and plants) are these green like substances that grow from the ground in the presence of soil nutrients, sunlight and water. They grow on the soil of the surface and some grow on the surface of water bodies. Animals are these living things that have unique properties and reside in different terrains. There are animals that live in water and those that live on the surface. Some animals can fly, kill in one strike(poison), mimic sounds, change color, have translucent skin, have thorns around them, can run fast, are immortal(immortal jellyfish) and so many other unique properties. Supernatural beings are those who properties are not fully known other than the fact that they breed fear and uncertainty. Humans are the most unique living beings on this planet because they are the only animals equipped with instincts and reason. Humans are fascinating to the point that they are able to create life outside of their reproductive systems in a digital form. This digital form goes by multiple names like machine learning, deep learning, neural networks, processing chip and perhaps the most renown Artificial Intelligence. I am not aware of what humans are trying to achieve by doing so, but i will have to explore more at a later time. At the time of visitation the human population is 7.7 billion, 60% of the animal population has been wiped out and plant life is still large compared the cumulative value of all animals. Humans are at the top of the food chain and it would be safe to say that the lion is no longer the king of the jungle. Humans are fascinating because they have managed to escape this planet in search of other planets. We aliens believed that we were only ones travelling space,but my judgement was wrong. What could these humans be possibly trying to accomplish with their inferior technology in space? Why cant humans just be happy with their planet? After all, they are born and die to become one with the Earth. Why would they think that space would give them relief when they cant deal with themselves? I am but an alien, how could i possibly understand what it means to be human. I can try to mimic them, learn from them and any other methodologies within me to assimilate, but i am still alien. For the sake of my visitation and research i must possess a human body and become one with it in flesh. I shall travel around the city and find me a young vessel from whom i can grow with.

I traveled further inland, but kept a low profile because i was struck with fear. I feared being killed before i could explore the Earth in greater detail and continue narrating my story in this wonderfully packaged book. My narration will be imperfect, but with more time it will get better. Feel free to pour your advice and criticisms after you finish reading the book. I must find a human vessel for whose purpose will be further elaborated as you read along…

Mission successful! That was much easier than i thought and i am currently 4 years old according to these humans. I am going through a phase known as the imprint period according to human research. This period is from 0-8 years old were 80% of my personality is developed as a result of the surroundings that i am raised around. However, to fully understand humans i must become aware of the systems held in place for me to survive. One thing i have come to find out is that every country in the world has a government in session, in order to bring about peace and order within and beyond its boundaries. There are 5 forms of government namely Democracy, republic, monarchy, dictatorship and communism. Each type of government has one thing in common which is the power to create laws. Laws are created to establish some sort of function and without laws there is no government, i believe the correct term is anarchy. Anarchy is the byproduct of distrust and lawlessness. Each government has a set of numerical laws that are accessible to the public and general populace. Within each government there is a system known as currency which is created and used in exchange for goods and services. Their are 180 currencies in total in the entire world, but some have more power and value than others. I am unsure how humans get to decide the value of printed paper, a product of dead trees. These currencies have a digital form and physical form. The digital form is contained in a card that has some kind of chip or magnetic stripe. However, these so called cards rely on two primary servers whose technology is granted to these institutions known as banks in limited amount. These servers are actually places in another country and are heavily guarded. I believe the servers are called Visa and MasterCard. In the same mannerism, there are over 2000 cryptocurrencies which is a form of digital currency thats created by individuals and not a centralized system. At the time of experiencing this there are 2 cryptocurrencies that are the talk of the days known as Bitcoin and Ethereum. The fascinating thing about these cryptocurrencies is that they have a number of ways one can obtain them based on different algorithms. Some cryptocurrencies require specialized hardware that draw lots of power, some require the utilizations of ones CPU and GPU of computers, some require playing difficult games and there is another in the works. A man named Kaizen Oasis is building a cryptocurrency that can be obtained through the use of sex toys and EEG headsets. Blockchain technology and ripple are advanced systems that are in the works to replace Visa and Mastercard. The story of cryptocurrencies is an interesting one, but it requires an investment of time and money to fully grasp it. Currency is a means of exchange for goods and services, while language is natural tool used for communication (an exchange of ideas). Humans have over 6500 languages which each have some similarities and differences in their grammatical structure, characters, sounds and other properties. In addition to verbal language, humans have this thing called sign language and they are about 300 of them. Human communication isn’t exclusive to just humans because the same beings have languages they use to communicate with technology. There are over 256 programming languages which are used to extend the limitations of humanity to create substance and meaning. Technology and programming has and continues to break barriers of humanity from communication, access to information, access to products, access to services, access to a simplified life and vast number of more. Programming languages are responsible for the simplification we have in life today. Programming languages are responsible for the operating system you use like Windows,iOS, Kai OS, Mac OS, Android, 400+ Linux distributions and any other operating systems not on this list. Programming languages are responsible for the beautiful internet with websites like Amazon (e-commerce), Netflix (entertainment), YouTube (entertainment), Udemy (education) and whatever websites you humans love to use. Programming languages are embedded into multiple technologies, but its very long subject that most humans would find confusing. Going back to the realm of government, humans have these systems of learning known as schools. There are 5 types of schools available in no particular order: Kindergarten(nursery, middle (primary) , high school (secondary), tertiary(university/college) and home school (comprehensive, real education, not endorsed by the government). These systems known as school serve the two purposes and that is to develop the ability for people to able to read and write. Once a human has those skills they are fully equipped to go into the world because they must read to understand and apply that which they have read. Writing is necessary for signing documentation, communication and is a powerful mind changing tool. Some of the school systems are unnecessary because the world is changing, but these systems haven’t since they were invented. Humans are fascinating creatures, the main flaw that i have discovered as an alien living inside a human body is that of the human mind because it is an absolute force to be reckoned with. The human mind is overly negative because there is this inner voice that never shuts off unless you engage in this human state of being known as meditation. Humans are flawed in that emotions happen to overpower their thoughts. The human thought comes before emotion and emotion is a product of the following ingredients: self talk, assigned rules and assigned meaning(belief system). I did manage to find this in the study of neuroscience and its something that’s only available to a few people in the world. Its something that goes by the name of Rational Emotive Behavior Therapy(REBT). There are sometimes that my mind does not feel like doing anything (laziness) and tend to hold things off (procrastination). I could have easily taken full control of the human brain with my alien cells, but i decided that i would discover the techniques available to humans to tame my mind. I did find such a technique and its called Neuro-Linguistic Programming (NLP). NLP enables me to program my mind to listen to me through the use of a variety of different mental models (mental frameworks of thinking). In order to keep my mind strong physically and psychologically i have had to indulge in the process of neurogenesis (creation of new brain cells). This process is simple and quite famous, i believe humans call it exercise. When i find myself unable to try to start something i have been using this wonderful human thing known as Kaizen. Kaizen works and is for everyone because it requires the use of small steps to accomplish something that seems daunting. I find myself collecting more and more stuff in order to fill complete, but its not working. I currently have a huge collection of toys, huge collection of videos games (all consoles), but i feel like i should get more. I have this constant feeling that if i acquire something my life will be better, complete, richer, easier,but the emptiness grows deeper. In order to combat this i have stumbled upon something called minimalism. Minimalism is a lifestyle that aims to multiply your time, declutter your mind and give life meaning by having less stuff. I have gotten rid of quite a number of things. I have been to that institution known as school, but i have not learned anything because i am simply learning what the government wants me to learn to be an obedient middle class citizen. Schooling is not about mental transformation, but a game about who can memorize the most answers to predetermined questions to signify excellence and intelligence. I have found value in information that is easily accessible on the greatest humans invention known as the internet. I have come to realize that the way schools teach is ineffective because i have learned something powerful. I have learned how to learn using a technique known as mind mapping. This technique enables me to retain everything i learn and learn it faster. Its a tool that works for everyone because it is based on how the brain works. However, I did not realize being human was so difficult, but i want to experience more because i believe that life gets better even though emotions are temporary and momentarily. I might be happy for an hour and the rest just stale miserable , but i believe that happiness will come again. I have so much to share with you humans in the rest of the chapters, but i would like to close of this chapter with some fundamental truths. Before that, lets highlight the numbers. There are 7 tools that you can use to program your mind (what i currently know) which are Neuro-Linguistic Programming, Meditation, Kaizen, Minimalism, Exercise, Rational Emotive Behavior Therapy and Mind Mapping. I do not claim these techniques to be mine because they are only available to humans and were invented by humans. To my surprise as an alien they have been around for a long time, but most humans don’t use them effectively or none at all. As an alien i find this fascinating although we have far more sophisticated techniques (pills) than all of them combined. The fundamental truths that i am about to share have been around for a while and if you didn’t know, now you know.

Life is difficult. I honestly believed that, ever since i possessed this human body. I am a having to endure the physical limitations of this body imposed by the brain and having difficulty with this thing called emotion. As an alien its my first time being able to experience this unnatural phenomenons unbeknownst to us. Experiencing this planet from the human body perspective is an enticing thing filled with ups and downs. The reason why life is difficult according to humans is the variable of the unknown. The variable of the unknown is not quantifiable or easily calculated. The belief that things don’t always go the way you want them is shocking to me as an alien.

Humans learn by making mistakes. As an alien i find this absolutely weird and a huge frustration. Aliens learn in the moment and it sticks with them forever, unless they choose to discard the cells that are housing those memories. Aliens require no practice, repetition or mistakes because our cells do the trick. Humans on the other hand have to repeatedly make mistakes or commit a different mistake in order to learn and advance towards anything.

Everyone you know and love will die(Uncomfortable truth). Aliens have figured out the formula to immortality which requires several minerals gathered from a vast number of planets. If humans search space they might find it too. However, the only case that i have found of immortality is from an animal that lives in the sea. Its the immortal jellyfish and yes human, it does exist. Humans have discovered it and are still in the process of observing. Human experiments are necessary for the sake of advancement, but experiments that lead to death are not welcome. Humans live in denial of death ever since they are born, but try to leave something behind that will. The subject of death is fascinating that i do have a separate chapter for it.

Humans are byproducts of their thoughts.A man or woman is literally what they think. Their character is the complete sum of their thoughts. These are the words of a wise man who has written a commendable library of books. This fundamental is the cornerstone of this book toppled with numbers to enhance flavor.

School is a system meant to teach you how to read and write. Once you learn those and apply them your life is set, but if you want something more we have more options and this thing called college. We only require that you sacrifice 4 years of life, possibly not work, take over 600 tests, write over 100 essays, take over 1000 quizzes, take over 60 generic classes and we will brand you ready for life with this nicely packaged paper known as a diploma. You just have just have to pass classes by memorizing useless data and your efforts will be rewarded with branding like graduate of X graduated in Y field or with Z degree. The subject of schools is one filled with heavy emotions and i will save this for later.

Originality Does Not Exist. No matter how much humans try to convince others that what they create is original, its simply not true because there is nothing new under the sun. Humans envied the freedom that birds have when they fly and decided to invent aircraft and sorts of activities associated with it such as skydiving. If birds had reason they could have sued humans for copyright infringement. Humans envied the speed and long distance covered by horses and thus cars were born. If horses had reason they would sue humans for copyright infringement. Humans envied the heavenly bodies known as stars and planets, thus decided to invent spacecraft to observe, collect, explore and even draw power from the sun. Humans envied strong animals that they decided to weight lift, gain abs and transcend their fragile bodies. But to gain power over all the animals firepower was invented. Phone manufacturers copy from each other even if that company was the first to invent a new feature. Books are simply a remix of ideas that derive from multitude of others. Everything is a remix and if you accept it, you will find true beauty in humanity. If you do not its disorienting to say the least

On behalf of the cosmic intergalactic alien organization, i welcome you to planet Earth.

Important Numbers

The most important aspect of humanity is found in the preservation of ones health. Health is the greatest wealth as some humans in the past have said and i believe it to be true. No matter how much ones life is, if that human cannot preserve the condition of his mortal body, Earth will become a living hell. Apparently, hell is a term used to convey that one is not living the life they desire and is also a special place. The opposite of it is used to describe when life is going pleasantly in accordance to ones desires and is also a special place. Humans are fascinating creatures, but i assumed that once humans perish that was it, but there is a special place or new life as they refer to it. How do these species come up with these ideas and how can i as an alien be able to travel there? Are heaven and hell places that spacecraft can travel? Are these places in a a different galaxy or entrapped in a planet, stars or the sun? Are they simply states that exist in the mind? As an alien i find this part of humanity hard to comprehend, but may be i will be able to glue the pieces together. My spacecraft is still in perfect near mint condition, but how does one travel a place that is not cosmically or physically tangible? When humans refer to health there are 2 retrospect numbers that one must keep in mind. The blood happens to be at the core of humanity as the human must maintain pressure, cholesterol, glucose (sugar) and triglycerides. When these elements in the blood are not preserved accordingly, disruptions in other human organs occur such as the heart and Brain. The other important number is ones body mass index. It amazes me to see overweight and skinny people. Overweight can be considered a sign of riches and food in great supply. The opposite could be considered as a sign of poverty or something else. Humans are simply fascinating because they do not value their health, until something within them disrupts. Humans love to say that Life is short , but their health decisions are what make it short. Humans make dangerous health decisions everyday and they themselves are causing it. It surprises me that most humans are unable to make it to the age 100 or go beyond. However, throughout my journeying on this planet i have found the so called modern day Messiah. The greatest doctor on Earth, a man that has scanned over 200,000 brains. A man who work speaks multitudes ,a man whose advice, if implemented by everyone could save humanity and lead them towards a different. A man by the name of Dr Daniel Amen. In times of sickness we turn to the doctor as our last refuge for hope and revival. Humans have this tendency to wholeheartedly trust and believe that another human who has studied for a numerous number of years at specialized institutions can provide them with relief and possibly a cure. It surprises me that some humans have distrust in medical professionals and are in favor of using herbal substances, a process known as self medication. As an alien i find it odd to say that he is my doctor and he can be yours as well. This man is a gift from the outer cosmos using the power of science.His research and study can reach any poor soul beyond the physical manifestation of his buildings (offices). A man with an indisputable track record. The doctors main message is simple and its this, " You simply have to make a series of decisions each day and ask yourself, is what i am doing good for my brain?” Out of all his works the that one strikes me the most is his recent publication known as Memory rescue. Saying that this book is just above the ranks of ancient wisdom known as the Bible would be an understatement. This book is an embodiment and manifestation of grace. This great book is can save humanity if applied, but the other interesting discovery is humans don’t love reading. Why does information or schools exist is people don’t like to read? As an alien i can only wonder, but its no surprise that technology is advancing faster than human brains. I have been reading loads of information about this planet and every source of information i stumble upon i gain new insight. BRIGHT MINDS is the way that this man summarizes his work. I believe i said there are 2 numbers, but its actually 11 numbers that can truly alter a human. The first number requires than one exercises as this is the only way to truly maintain the internal blood circuitry known as flow. Ones age plays a part in health because it is best to minimize the harmful effects of aging by being an avid lifelong learner. Humans are inflammed by the elements they consume therefore it wise to decrease the portion sizes of stuff like sugar and intake more water. One cannot change ones genetics unless they are alien, but the effects can be reduce drastically. Head trauma effects can be reduced and eliminated by avoiding rough physical activity. Toxins exist in the metaphysical world and also in the digital. Fake news, breaking news, clickbait and advertisements are digital toxins. Food from restaurants and processed paper wrapped junk food are the metaphysical toxins. Humans sacrifice something crucial to their existence, sleep. In exchange for what? Diabesity can be eliminated by completely avoiding sugar or making sure its less than 10 or 5g. The gibberish i have been spouting so far is Blood Flow, Retirement/ Aging, Inflammation, Genetics, Head Trauma, Toxins, Mental Health, Immunity, Neurrohormone Deficiency, Diabesity and Sleep (BRIGHT MINDS). All that information is provided in greater detail in the book Memory Rescue. For the humans who love reading purchase the physical book or the digital book. For the other humans i believed an audiobook, YouTube videos, articles and summaries would suffice. All you have to know for this chapter is that Human health has 11 key aspects.

3 Sides To All

The amusing thing you will find when living on planet earth is that there always seems to be 2 sides to everything. To be honest, i would say that there are 3 sides to everything. The first example is that of life. Life has three states. Humans can either be living (life), unconscious (passed out) or dead (no life). Life is the state of being were one is aware of their own existence and surrounding. You are currently in a state of living or being. When a human is unconscious this is called a a 50- 50, were one can either die and crossover to the other side or simply wake up and continue living. It does make me wonder as an alien about were is ones life during surgery. Is the soul something that can be extracted from a being in the same way that its numbed during anesthesia. Death is a universal constant and i believe the human quote, “death is the wish of sum, relief of many and the end of all.” The other three states exist in the realm of money or finances. A human can either be rich, poor or middle class. I believe humans say that the easiest way to become rich is by inheriting wealth passed down from generation to generation or scam/hack other humans for your own benefit. The other state of money is middle and this has tend to be classified as the major population. A population of people who most likely have multiple jobs, work over 40 hours, possibly live paycheck to paycheck, spend money to fill whole and are easily offended by the words invest, risk management and have no clue what an asset is. The third state of money is poor, but human poverty has levels.In some countries, welfare programs exist to aid the poor, while some do not (third world countries). Being poor in some places especially third world countries is the equivalent of being a caveman under the assumption that you have no close family relatives. The other 3 sides are that of a coin.A coin has an edge, head side and tail side. The other side is that of religions or theocracy. The first state of religion is monotheistic were a human believes in one higher being. The second state is that in which there is no belief at all called atheist. The third is the belief of many known as polytheism. As an alien i do not comprehend human theocracy and religion because aliens are self sufficient immortal beings. Currency itself has 3 sides and a human provided me with the answer. Currency is split into God level, government and people. Gods money consists of gold and silver. Governments money is the money we have today like dollars, pounds, yen, pesos, yuan,rand and so on. Peoples money is cryptocurrency which are dominated by names like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Dogecoin, Ripple, Monero and so on. The 3 sides to all can be seen classified numerically as 0,1 and 2+ The 3 sides to all can be classified stately as negative,neutral and positive. Its crazy, but its true. Anything you can think of has 3 sides for the most part. Some aspects only exist in a dualistic sense.

Part Two

Time Is Of The Essence

This will probably be the most second most offensive chapter in this book,but i hope you humans can understand. Where did your time go?Humans are quite interesting creatures and they are narcissistic creatures. Humans are addicted to technology is the summary, but there are 3 technologies specifically. The first one of these technologies being the screen. Screens are the technology that appeal to the human sense of sight. Humans speak in words, but they think in pictures. Pictures are a visual appeal form factor. It is for that reason that humans are drawn to art. Art mingles with the mind and filled it with beautiful imagery. Screens are the tech that make everything possible. Humans are glued to screens on phones, computers, watches, laptops, portable monitors, displays, Television and anything that can emit multi color or monochrome content. The second addictive technology that binds this visual appeal is software. Software is what gives structure and unique user experience. Games are software, but combined with high end displays provide great user experience. Music is created using instruments and or technology, but is converted into this digital file like wav files and mp3 that can easily be shared with the rest of the world. Videos of any form factor such as movies, TV shows or simple camera recordings are capturing of real time life converted into digital format that can be enhanced further with software.The result can be shared in a number of ways, but the process was to simply convert a human experience into a digital form factor experience. People love to take pictures and those memories can be stored on a device or cloud as a digital file (software) and also as cells in ones body. Software needs an output would be the correct terminology. The most preferred output is a screen although other form factors like speakers, printers (3D and 2D) and a vast number of others exist. However, i saved the best last and its possibly the most addictive technology that humans have ever invented its called the internet. The internet is the place were most humans waste of their time. The need to be connected, to be in the know, entertained, socialize and all sorts of things require this thing called the internet. To be more precise humans waste most of their time consuming passive information digitally. People are addicted to something in particular and its one of the global platforms. The platform is called Netflix; Its in second place compared to YouTube which is number 3. Youtube and Netflix are popular along with other video sites. People engage in the process of binge watching these things called TV shows which are over 50 minutes per episode. Its at this point i feel humanity is really dying. The number 2 spot happens to be free platform that hosts all different types of content. This platform is mostly used by millenials to watch these fantasy videos known as music videos. Sometimes people use it to simply watch funny content like stupid things people do, dangerous stuff like pranks and the list is long. However, feeling the need be corrected as an alien is alien. The content thats in the number 1 spot should not surprise anyone because its pornography. Why do humans feed their eyes and small brains by watching such content when they can easily find someone to engage with them in the deed? Why do male humans blow so many loads of semen that is supposed to be used for reproduction? Why do female humans do it in the first place? The digital addiction will become the downfall of humanity, but everybody is busy watching too much to care about the possibilities of accomplishing great things if they simply cut or shifted their time. Aside from digital time investments there are a few more time wasters. School is a system of slavery that was invented to steal the precious time and money of other humans. Time spent schooling is the time someone else could have used to accomplish greatness. The reason why people are unable to question school or decide not to attend have to do with its ability to cripple the minds of many. School is what humans would refer to as an organized religion. Its definitely difficult to break away from a religion with the people around you because they believe that imparting the same belief will lead you to something. The second system of slavery is work and the demands of society. The last time wasters are drugs, beer and gas substance abuse (vape, jule and cigarrete). Humans are addicted to the notion of putting stuff in their mouth like alcohol, cigars, food, other human parts and other. The crazier thing about wasting time is that blind humans are able to utilize their time more effectively than those with pure sight. 5 things waste your time as humans, but lucky enough the number 5 have something in store for you. There is a great resourceful book out there by the title The Top 5 regrets of the Dying…

Money is a problem

Humans struggle because of the systems that they have created for themselves, which they believe are suitable for living. Humans created currency through a system known as government, but that government gets to decide the value of that so called currency. Most humans believe that if they could make a 6 ,7 or + there life would be set. Why exactly is a 6 or 7 + figure income the numbers that humans believe would make there life set? Having these numbers in their arsenal seems to be an indicator that they can have everything they ever desired in their life. When numbers reflect and relate to currency it equals a certain quality of life. Therefore, it seems as if money, a system created by humans is the problem. As an alien, i can assure you that if money is a problem, there is one particular human you must meet by the name of Robert Kiyosaki. This man speaks and writes about the truth of about money which is very beneficial to a multitude of people. However, only a few people take the subject to heart because it seems as if this subject has multiple emotions attached. This man ideals could be classified as common sense and simply material that the so called elite of the population utilize. This mans most famous publication is entitled rich dad poor dad, but there is one more publication that sticks out to me as an alien. This man released a book by the title; Fake with the subtitle; Fake teachers, fake assets and fake money. This is the reality of the world we live in. Money is an imaginary string of fate that controls the freedom and quality of people. A caveman or woman would find the current living situation difficult to live with. The cave person is one with the jungle or the surrounding that he or she inhabits. The cave person, a wanderer, a vagabond , a nomad, but all the land is his or hers for the keeping. For the sake of ease, the caveman will be our character in this chapter. Where he is there he makes his mark, but come to the modern day he has one of two options. He can either rent the land which is a subscription based business model or he can buy the land if he amasses enough paper derived from trees or gets a loan of tree paper. Somehow he is able to amass this tree paper, but food is another problem. He can use the land that he has acquired to farm his own agricultural produce and or get more paper money to buy farm animals. The only source of meat that he can acquire freely is through the act of hunting. However, he is at disadvantage because his weapons are not on par with modern day weapons like the gun. He would have to purchase firearms through more tree paper. If the man was smart enough or capable he could have a farm of these wild animals, but he chooses to live in the moment and only kill to sustain his carnivorous desires. If he does not purchase farm animals he has to rely on purchasing it for the rest of life. The caveman is confused by the fact that food can only be acquired through the acquisition of this thing called money that comes from trees. Food and land are the most essential just to survive, but one thing puzzles him even greater. To find pleasure he must have more tree paper because women are not simple creatures. Women require paper to maintain their bodies and pleasure. Women only desire men when they have a steady supply stream of paper. This law just happens to be universal. For the house to have lights and be efficient he must pay for electricity. Electricity is managed by these big and small companies. He must pay monthly in order to keep things at ease. If the caveman is smart he could easily replace that dependency on a system by utilizing solar panels and windmills. Water is basic human right but its not free. He must pay the water bill to have a steady stream of water. If he was smart he could easily fix this by having a water filter and being close to a body of water. He could install pipes and use his efficient energy draw upon that water. He could even incorporate hydroelectric energy into the mix. Life is a subscription base business that requires paper from dead trees to continue living. Depending on the amount of paper you have or are able to acquire you quality of life might be great or mediocre till the day you die. Don’t let money be a problem for you human, learn about it and it just so happens that Robert Kiyosaki is what i would call the messiah of currency,

Part Three

Formula of Death

Congratulations! You are almost finished with this book. This chapter is very critical(and) the most offensive of them all, by all means of the flesh please skip it, if you so desire. The contents of this chapter are by no means exact because they possess the ability to change because of a variable known as X. If X could be calculated with 100% accuracy the contents of this chapter would be accurate as well. The chapter heading is self-explanatory and as it suggests you will figure out the formula of your life expectancy. No, that wasn’t a mishap, you read that correctly. You will be able to calculate how long you have left on this planet. As an alien, i feel the need to share this because humans are miserable creatures. By providing you the formula you can attain peace with your mind and procrastinate to your hearts content. I am doing humanity a favor because the one thing that truly plagues humans lies in the fact that they are uncertain of when they will die. I am sure you have heard stories of people who were told that they only had a few more days or months to live. People who have had that message relayed to them always do their best to do what they can to enjoy life until the very end. They utilize their time in a dissimilar manner than other human counterparts who live in denial of death. However, some people will deny the fact that death is near the corner and keep procrastinating and even worse they are trying to achieve heaven on earth. Trying to achieve Heaven on Earth is a serious condition, an attachment to finite existence that rises from the belief that there is only one life which is the one that i live in this moment. Heaven has become this term that is subjective and no longer has religious or spiritual associations. Heaven for some humans is smoking or vaping in the car with other humans beings called friends. A car full of smoke without windows rolled down and the music cranked to the absolute max. For some, heaven is being able to drink a pack of beer after rigorously working multiple hours or jobs and waking up exhausted with a giant headache and full bladder. For some heaven is having 20 girls on you at the strip club and or marrying 6 wives. For some, Heaven is being able to go on multiple vacations thinking that all your worries will go away. For some heaven can be achieved by buying more stuff in the moment to feel like ones life is better than that of others.This chapter will create something new in you, a fresh start as a human being and infinite dedication . Procrastination can be eliminated 100% if people figure out when they will die, but that could only be slight from the truth. No matter what others tell you, you would be completely unfazed every second, minute, hour, day, week, month and year would be effectively used. I am here to give you that formula, but its numbers are complex. This chapter can completed in one sitting without the calculation, but takes days to fully complete. Once again, the decisions you make each day have the ability to shorten or extend you life expectancy, proceed this chapter with caution. The dreadful truth is that ones life is determined by what you do with your head. Your head packs the most senses and contains the central processing of human beings known as the brain. Your head is responsible for your sense of sight (vision), hearing (auditory), smell (olfaction), taste (gustation) and partial touch. The quality of your senses determines your duration of survival. The most abused sense is that of taste and sight. Humans feel pleasure by putting objects into their mouth. Food, alcohol, medical substances, your lovers genitalia and recreational substances like cigarettes. The quality of these substances is a complete different topic, but only a few people seem to care about what objects go into their mouth. Whatever goes through your mouth is just as important as what you choose to consume with your eyes. Humans use their sense of sight to distract themselves from the seemingly arduous tasks of everyday life. Humans are addicted to bright shining objects that display multiple colors called screens. Humans are unaware that the content they watch can affect them in multiple ways. The content one consumes with their eyes can change the physiological composition of their eyes and brain thus further deteriorating and increasing their chances of becoming blind. The other abused sense is that of hearing because humans love to isolate this thing called music or play it out loud. Slowly the ears deafen and another sense is weakened. With all senses being rapidly deteriorated and the brain just absorbing the harm, its no wonder that humans nowadays have a shorter life span. However, the interesting revelation isn’t just that of weakened senses causing and accelerating the aging process and leading to an early death. Humans do not possess the technology to analyze life expectancy from a cellular perspective, but have the capability to calculate it through observation and analysis of ones life. I recommend that you have a piece of paper and a writing utensil, preferably a pencil.

The first number you need to write on the piece of paper is your current age. The next numbers is how many calories you consume per week, The more detailed the better. This should include the amount of nutritional elements that you have on a daily basis. water intake amount, fat, sugars and all that goof stuff. The other and most critical is the amount of sleep you have on a weekly basis and it still has to be detailed for each day. The next one involves inner meditation. How many negative thoughts or negative self talk thoughts do you have each day? Out of that number how many do you listen to? What is your mood throughout the day? What thoughts cause that mood? How many times do you breath per day and weekly? How many steps do you take per day? Do you drink and how much? Do you smoke and how much? Are you on medication and how many medications do you take? how many times do you expose yourself to radiation and electromagnetic frequencies? how many times do you workout or exercise? How many times do you urinate/pee? What color is it most of the time? How many times do you defecate or poop? What color is the excretion most of the time? For every question since the beginning you need to have a detailed daily record and a weekly. Its a lot of numbers, but numbers in this scenario are you friend. How many times do you read? How many times do you write? What are the noise levels that surround you on a detailed basis?

Alien Sample (All questions exemplified)

Name: Z

Age: 35

Calories- Daily: 2000 Weekly: 14,000 Amounts- Fat…Sugar…Vitamin B12… Zinc…. Calcium…. (Write every food property that applies)

Water Intake- Daily: 1 Gallon Weekly: 7 Gallons

Sleep- Daily: 4 Hours Weekly: 40

Meditation: 0 Hours

Negative Thoughts- Daily: 2000 Weekly: 200,000 Acted Upon: 75,000

Mood- Daily: 15% happy, 50% angry, 25% Neutral, 5% Sad, 5% shy. Weekly: 350% Angry, 105% Happy, 175% Neutral, 35% Sad, 35% Shy.

Mood Causation Thoughts: Schools, Annoying coworkers, bad drivers, comedy….

Breathing- Daily: 18,328 Breaths. Weekly: 128, 296

Steps- Daily: 5000. Weekly : 10,350

Drinking- Daily: 200 Litres. Weekly: 2003 Litres

Substance Inhaling- Daily: 8 times (vaping), 2 times (cigarettes) Weekly: 100 times (30 vaping, 30 cigarettes, 40 (juling).

Medication: None

EMF’s- Daily : 200 (phone usage) Weekly: 10,000 ( phone, Virtual reality, laptop, fridge, TV….)

Workout: 0

Pee: Daily: 20 Weekly: 75

Poo: Daily: 0.5 Weekly: 4

Urine Color- Daily: Dark Yellow

BM Color- Daily: Greenish red…

Reading- Daily: 300 words Weekly: 12,000 Speed: 74 words per minute

Blinking- Daily: 69,000 Weekly: 249,000

Farting- Daily : 3.5 Weekly: 69

Noise Levels- Daily 75dB , Weekly : 9,932 dB

Teeth Brushing- Daily :1 Weekly : 7

Bath/ Shower: 0

Work- Daily : 14 hours Weekly: 80 hours

Communication- Daily : 40 verbal conversations Weekly: 99 Verbal conversations

Sitting- Daily: 4 (12 hours) Weekly: 16 (54 hours)

Standing- Daily: 22 (9 hours). Weekly: 123 (66 hours)

Masturbation/ Sex- Daily: 12 times (M) 2 (S) Weekly: 36 (M) 6 (M)

Complex Formula begins… The sum off all daily values excluding age multiply by 365. The sum divided by current age. Square the value of your age. Subtract the squared value to your previously divided total. To finalize and get the double digit number wait until next year in 2020. Part 2 of this book will be released then. Thanks for reading and see you next time. This book is a work in progress since its my first book. Expect updated and re-visioned content every month.

Human Sources Cited by an Alien

Memory Rescue (Daniel Amen)- Book

Kaizen Way (Robert Maurer) - Book

Fake (Robert Kiyosaki) - Book

Rational Emotive Behavior Therapy (Dr Paul J Cline) - Udemy Course

Emotional Intelligence 2.0 (Travis Bradberry) - Book

Mind Map Mastery (Tony Buzan) - Book

Denial of Death (Ernest Becker) - Book

Skip College (Conor Boyack) - Book

Neuro- Linguistic Programming - Udemy Course

All other information has derived from Wikipedia and turned into a work of self help fiction.

About the Author

￼

Hey there, my name is Prince Kaizen Namwali and i go by the alias 33 Nanoseconds. I am from the warm heart of Africa,Malawi . I am lifelong learner in this TMI World. My favorite mental models are Kaizen and Gamification. I am a graphic designer,author and flutter developer. Thank you for reading my book.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/33nanoseconds

https://www.facebook.com/33nanoseconds

https://www.artstation.com/o33_nanoseconds

https://www.instagram.com/33___nanoseconds

Also by Prince Kaizen Namwali

I write books that i would want to read and this is the result of that. The titles and artworks i created are a reflection of that. These books have helped me and i am certain that they will add value to you as well.

Poetic Memes

￼

A poetry anthology of original poems based on current events, memes and thoughtful creativity.

Fuck College

￼

College has and continues to kill more people than any virus or disease known to humanity. College is not the only way and the truth is you have options. This book combines information from every book that came before and adds a special element called Neuroscience.

Madando

￼

A book about the warm heart of Africa. A book for bilingual readers who know Chichewa and English.

XDA University

￼

This book is for those android users who want to do more than just change a wallpaper and tweak some settings. People who go beyond enabling developer options, developers, tinkerers and everyone else. Explore and experience a new world.

Spreadsheets For Life

￼

Spreadsheets for life or S4L is a book about a new mental model. Its been around, since the beginning, but no one knows how to use it. By the end of this you will fall in love and never look at spreadsheets the same.


<span style='color:#ff5d46;'>

<details markdown='1'><summary>Q&A</summary>


</details>

</span>
